Well, now what's the deal,
what do I need to do?
I need to check the route,
and based on that route,
I need to inject in the main
the component that I set here.
Okay, so if I if this is the path,
I need to inject the home page,
if this is a path,
I need to change the movie page and so on.
Okay, does it make sense?
So, and I'm creating a generic router, so
a system that you can quickly
use on any project, okay?
So you say, if add to history,
we can do something like this,
create a page element,
and that page element is
the one that we are going
to inject if we have it.
So there is a to do here,
we are going to inject this.
Let's say if it's null,
>> Maximiliano Firtman: If
it's not, though.
So we are going to get the main
document query selector,
main and we're going to first delete
what we have we are going to remove.
This is a quick and
dirty way to remove what we have in
the main there are other ways as well.
And after we do that, we want to
append child that page element again,
we still have the logic we
need to the logic there, but
I want you to understand
what I'm trying to achieve.
I will create the variable for
the page element that I need to go.
If I do have one, then I will do that,
so I have a page for
the current URL, so we inject that page,
that element in the, does it make sense?
What are the possibilities for
page elements being null,
why it says that it can be null?
Well, maybe it's a URL
that I'm not managing,
it's a 404, does that make sense?
So maybe it's a 404.
So if it's a 404,
then I'm going to create an element.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Any element
will work, but I'm just going to use
this to create a text saying,
page not found.
So if the engine couldn't find a route for
the current URL,
the patient admin will be an edge
one saying patient phone.
So we need to fill
the engine here that I mean,
it's not a big deal, we need to
just go through all the routes and
try to find one that matches
the current URL, that make sense?
>> Maximiliano Firtman: So
something that we need is a current URL,
the current URL is actually here in route,
okay?
So it's coming here, the problem is that
sometimes that URL can include for
example,
it can be search query equals to
batman and page equals to three.
So in this case, what I want is just
this part before the question mark,
does it make sense?
So what I need is that segment of the URL
that has only what is known as the path,
not the search, so this is just looking.
So I'm going to create the route
path argument and I will use,
now I will check if the route
include a question mark.
Now I will use a ternary operator
that you mentioned before,
I will just split this, do you know
what a split does over a string?
It separates this in an array, and
I will take the first segment.
So before the question mark,
and if it doesn't include one,
it's just the full route, okay?
So pretty simple, this is programming,
nothing really, really fancy.
And now what I'm going to check we
have two kinds if you remember,
in our routes, we have two kind of path,
they can be strings, or
they can be regular expressions, okay?
So we have two different kinds of path,
so I need to check,
I'm looping through all the routes,
I need to check if the path for
the current route is a string.
So I do a just a comparison,
a string comparison, or if it's a regular
expression in this case, I need to
execute the regular expression, okay?
Make sense?
So that's the next step, so
I will check if the type
of the path is a string.
So if it's a string, actually equals,
>> Maximiliano Firtman: And
the path, the current path is
the one that I'm looking for.
I found the path, so basically,
I will say that the page
element is a new and
look at this r.component.
Let's see if you understand
that part new r.component,
does anyone know what this means?
Because it looks weird, it works, but
r is our current variable looping through,
Actually,
this is not router,
I have a typo here, this is routes.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay?
Routes, not router.
And we are looping through all
the routes I need to get the component,
the component is a constructor,
it's a class, so
I'm just creating a new
instance of that class.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay?
Let me, It works in JavaScript,
you can actually do that.
And then I can break meaning that I
don't need to continue looping through
the rest of the routes,
because I have already found it, okay?
And the other option is that it's, if the
path is an instance of regular expression.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: So
if it's a regular expression,
I need to check if it's matching and
you take the path and
you execute the regular expression
with the route that I need to check.
Actually with the route, no,
the route, the complete route.
Yeah, not the route path because here
I may change, I wanna see everything.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay,
does that make sense?
So if it matches,
it means that we are in the right route,
so something similar as we did before.
Page element, new archive a component,
so just remember this.
Let's do this, string route, string path,
and this is a regular expression path.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: And
I'm not sure if you remember, and
we are finishing the router, so, We
have this idea of a variable here, okay?
So we need to extract those parameters,
okay?
And we do that, actually, with match,
I'm not sure if you have used this before,
but
actually that match will have match.
We can slice that, and
if we take slice one,
it's giving me actually the parameters,
that's how that works,
the regular expression API.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: So
something that you can do,
I can inject those params
in the page element.
By the way, params is just a variable name
I'm creating right now can be arguments,
it can be properties, props,
however you wanna call it.
So let's try to understand
that if I'm in this route,
for example, if I'm in movies/14, 14,
because it's here,
a variable will actually be
one of the elements of this params array.
>> Maximiliano Firtman: Okay?
It's a little low level, but
it makes our router future proof,
because we can have more routes later.